# 323-Final-Project
This is an android app that I designed and developed from the ground up as part of my final project for CSCI-323. This application is a location based reminder app that is integrated into a custom Firebase Database to send push notifications to the user when they come in the come into the vicinity of a location they have a task they need to complete.

Description of functionality:
1. The user will either login with an existing account, or register a new account if this is their first time using the application. If the user has previously logged into the app, that login information will be chached on their local device for automatic login on return to the application.
2. Once logged in the user has 2 main views that they can view their reminders. The list view, and the map view. The list view displays all the users reminders as tiles with the picture that's associated with the reminder, location, and description of what they need to do. The user can click on the tile to see expanded information about the task, and also have a map view to see where their task might be and send it to their maps application if they need directions to where they need to go. The map view dispalys all tasks on a map view with markers at each location. You can click on a marker to see the same view that is available in the list view.
3. The user can register new reminders to their account. This includes adding a picture (if wanted), a location of where that reminder needs to take place, a date/time due date, a location that you verify aggaisnt google maps address information, and a description.
4. The user can enable push notifications so that they will be sent a reminder on upcoming due dates, or if they are within 5 miles of their task.
ex: if the user registered task "return library book" with the location of the campus library and some due-date. They will receive reminders periodically leading up to the due date, and if the user comes within 5 miles of the library it'll suggest they go do the task while they are already there in the area.
